Supplementary Material
=====
Figures
-----
* **Supplementary Figure A**: Final probability distributions for each pit, as generated by OxCal (Bronk Ramsey 2001) based on the list of dates in Supplementary Table B.
* **Supplementary Figure B**: Scree box plot of PCA loadings for all time series analyzed in this project.
* **Supplementary Figure C**: Proportion of individual specimens from each pit with dates falling in each time interval: (left) five time bins, (right) nine time bins.
* **Supplementary Figure D**: Example of the effect of the averaging procedure on bootstrapped time series replicates.  For descriptions of the bootstrapping and averaging processes, see Methods section. Top: Time series plots for the same 250 replicates (grey) and the averaged time series (black).  Bottom: Comparison of the distribution of Akaike model weights for 250 individual bootstrap replicates (grey boxes) vs. those for the averaged time series (black squares). The GRW model is highest weight for the averaged time series, but the URW and Stasis models dominate for the individual replicates.
* **Supplementary Figure E**: Comparison of the distribution of Akaike model weights for the averaged time series (black) vs. in 250 bootstrapped replicates per time series (grey). For descriptions of the bootstrapping and averaging processes, see Methods section. Overall, the low-parameter models (URW and Stasis) have higher relative weights for the individual bootstrap replicates, and the higher-parameter models (GRW and Punc) have higher relative weights for the averaged time series. 

Tables
-----
* **Supplementary Table A**: All species and skeletal elements in data set, with associated references.
* **Supplementary Table B**: Full table of all radiocarbon dates by pit.
* **Supplementary Table C**: Climate timelines used to designate time bins for this paper, graphically summarized in Figure 3.
* **Supplementary Table D**: Species and bones with directional change in some measurement, along with the direction of the change and the step size value returned by the GRW model fit (GRW.mstep), given in mm/Ma. For those species and anatomical elements not listed in this table, all time series were best fitted by a stasis or random walk model.
* **Supplementary Table E**: Model fit results for all time series, including both Akaike weights and model parameters. Most column names are self-explanatory or come directly from the default paleoTS model parameter names. The other two are as discussed in the text: “Stasis.omega.normalized” is the square root of the evolutionary variance Stasis.omega normalized to the variance of the best three timebins in each time series, and “timestep” is the average timebin length for the series used to calculate the trend values in mm/Myr for Supplementary Table B.

Appendices
-----
**Appendix A**: Plots of all time series generated, grouped by bone. As in Figures 4-6, colors indicate best fit time series model: pink = GRW, red = Punc, yellow = URW, blue = Stasis. Darker shades of each color indicate principal component time series.
